c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\ShopFloor.exe.config
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\ShopFloor.exe
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\ShopFloor.pdb
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\ShopFloor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\ShopFloor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\ShopFloor_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\ShopFloor.g.resources
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\ShopFloor.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\ShopFloor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\ShopFloor.exe
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\ShopFloor.pdb
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\CathegoryMain.g.cs
c:\users\balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\CathegoryMain.baml
C:\Users\Balazs\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\LoginView.g.cs
C:\Users\Balazs\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\LoginView.baml
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\ShopFloor_.dal.dll
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\ShopFloor_.dal.pdb
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\ShopFloor_.dal.dll.config
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Balazs\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Balazs\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\NewProductView.g.cs
C:\Users\Balazs\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ShopFloor\ShopFloor\obj\Debug\NewProductView.baml
